It’s only less than a thousand yuan. You asked me to spend ten thousand yuan,
This time you bring a gun to the fight,
I think you are doing your job stupidly, right?
You're like this, and you're wearing a shabu-shabu,
You only brought grilled food, what is that?
Son, are you okay?
You want so much money, I definitely can't hold it.
See if there are any other ways to solve it.
I think you can't afford so much money.
I'll do it today. Your work quality will be good.
And the two of you just turned out to be nothing.
It's up to them today
Didn't they hear what I said?
This is my bottom line
We don’t want your mouth to drink the work truck you drink from the moon
But we can't drink from this end
You also gave them head stamps, right?
Do you still want to live a leisurely life on this kilometer?
We will no longer let go of this common land